Although in the beginning Iago. his plotting are the only subjects furthering the plot, he is simply setting up a trap, like a springboard, that is completely dependent on Othello’s flaws for being set off. Iago sets the trap in the beginning. in the middle section Othello’s passion works to set him up in that firing Cassio was essential to the plot. The third section where Othello is the only cause is simply Othello’s downfall after the spring is sprung, which could almost be pinpointed to Othello hearing about handkerchief, the beginning of the end. Since the cause for Othello’s downfall is ultimately his passion, Othello fits the Aristotelian Greek tragedy: Othello’s hamartia is his passion. as he falls. has his anagnorisis, the audience has their sense of catharsis watching Othello fall. Passing. Great Gatsby Passing. The Great Gatsby have many similarities. many differences. One example is the location of the climactic scene. In Gatsby, Nick. his group of acquaintances, Gatsby, Daisy, Tom. Jordan go to the city. rent a hotel room to cool off in. In Passing, the climactic scene is at a party at one of their friends houses, which is an apartment. It is cold outside. The scenes are similar in that they both occur in a apartment type room with a group of friends. it is hot in Gatsby. cold in Passing. in Passing it is a permanent residence. Theme is another example: both Passing. Gatsby have themes of appearance versus reality. false appearances, themes of color. dark. light. they both have themes of class. people’s place in society. Each does have some themes of its own, for example, there is an east-west theme in Gatsby. a theme of sight. blindness. there is a theme of race in Passing. The characters. how they relate is another example of these novels being similar in some ways. different in some ways. Both the Gatsby/Clare characters die. in Gatsby another character does it. in Passing Irene, the equivalent to Nick because we see inside her thoughts, kills the Gatsby/Clare character. Gatsby. Clare are different in that Gatsby plans everything. Clare never thinks ahead. the inconsiderate, ridiculous. unthinking actions he demands from Daisy are very like Clare. Both Nick. Irene are possibly homosexual. overall Nick is a flatter character with almost no personality that is not the same as Irene, who thinks about. has opinions about everything. The knowable purposes are pretty similar: in Gatsby the theme is like you can not always get what you want, sometimes you should just stay like you are, in social class. other objects you might desire. something bad might happen to you, while Passing’s theme is like if you are going to try to lie. change class, you should be careful. something bad might happen to you. 