Each time they are asked if they have a reservation. of course they do. each time they are seated they claim they are there to see Ricky Ricardo. each time they leave in disgust when they find out he is not appearing. This causes Mr. Littlefield the clubs owner much frustration. leads to many impossible moments of comedy. The viewer of course sees that Littlefield. his assistant should realize they are all the same people. they do not. The episode ends with Ricky getting offered his job back. his salary doubled. This leaves Ricky thinking he is very popular that Littlefield absolutely can not do without him. Lucy asks Ricky at the end of the show if he intends to take his to take his job back. Ricky tells her “Of course not, If I am that popular I can write my own ticket anywhere in town.” The show fades out. we the audience are left to wonder Ricky’s fate. Part of the appeal of “I Love Lucy” is that Ricky never gives Lucy. real credit, when the audience clearly can see if not for her he would be lost. “The Nanny” is very similar in the set up as “I Love Lucy.” The theme song of “The Nanny” gives the audience the premise of the series: Fran Fine was employed at a bridal shop by her fiancé Danny Imperali. Fran is a Jewish woman, probably in her 30’s. one of the many running gags, is no one knows her true age not even the FBI. She lives with her parents in Flushing, Queens, New York in their apartment. Her mother is the stereotypical Jewish Mother continually pressuring her daughter to marry. Danny Imperali decides he wants another woman (Fran’s arch enemy) Heather Biblo (Pamela Anderson). Imperali fires Fran. breaks up with her. she is absolutely devastated. Fran unemployed. heartbroken takes a job selling “Shades of the Orient” cosmetics (. obvious parody of Mary Kay Cosmetics). Fran begins trying to move her wares in some of the upper-class neighborhoods in New York, City. arrives at the door of Broadway Producer Maxwell Sheffield. Maxwell Sheffield is a proper English Gentleman. a widower as well as being a Broadway Producer. He is very wealthy. lives in mansion with his three children. their butler Niles. CC Babcock is Maxwell’s life-long assistant whom secretly pines from him; Niles absolutely detests CC. is constantly taking jabs at her especially in the beginning of the series. With Maxwell’s wife being deceased he has relied on a series of “Nannies” to help him with the children. His son Brighton usually does something to force any nanny Maxwell hires to quit. Maxwell is at the end of his rope. He has an important party planned that weekend with potential financial backers for his next play. 