What ? ! Honestly, what ? ! I can’t understand it when read by its meaning (scandal). The cross was a disgrace against public morality ? In the sense that Jesus’ own people turned against him. hung him, tortured him, maybe so.. it was in fact that exact action that saved humankind; it is the point that Jesus was the sacrifice. Throughout the next few sections of the book Noll talked so much about the history of evangelicals. the church it made me sick. It was so hard to get through. I felt like I was in a fight with the text. “Push, push. push through the words to get to the good part” I would tell myself. Honestly, I had a hard time with this book. It was a heavy language style for me. One portion of the history I did enjoy reading about was the Puritans. I had no idea that they were so intellectual. I thought, from what I knew, about history, that they were overzealous. killed those who should not have been killed. The fact that they tried to maintain a balance between “spirit. philosophy” (Noll, 41) says something of their culture of the time. I also learned that when the church. state first had separated, some states still kept prayer in meetings, tested state office on religious subject. gave tax to support ministers (Noll, 64). That is amazing. Although I understood some things still yet other things I had to let go because I couldn’t grasp it.. that is difficult for me to admit. I consider myself smart. when faced with the challenge of reading Noll I find myself inadequate.. maybe that is exactly what Noll wants out of his readings. After finishing the book perhaps Noll wants his readers to take a look at themselves. say, “hey, you, yes you, are you really using your mind ? Are you really as intellectual. smart as you think you are ? ”. then they will ponder. find that they are extremely not what they thought they were.. then that is when Christ can come in. say, “Yes, now then, let us work on your intellect. Now that you know, it is me who enriches even your mind. Give me your mind.” I think that is Noll’s platform, “Evangelicals ! Give Christ your mind ! ” I was vaguely familiar with Gilgamesh from the time I studied it in high school. I remember at that time we had an assignment: to act out a portion of the story with a group assigned in class. I remember that my group chose to focus on how Enkidu became civilized, specifically, how the harlot civilized him. We were just kids then. now as I re-read the story instead I find it fascinating that there is a piece of literature that so closely resembles the biblical account of Noah. the flood. yet Gilgamesh was written in a time before this biblical account. 