It is also possible for the opposite. a bad SAT score leading to no choice of college perhaps due to a lack of funding. knowledge about college from a parent. student.. community colleges do not require SAT scores. colleges near Torrance. Gardena, California such as El Camino College, Harbor College. Santa Monica College are frequented by many students who need a smoother transition. Many of these students get bachelor’s degrees from Cal States. UCs once they transfer after 2-3 years. Asunaro Soroban Juku: This specialty Japanese calligraphy class is quite difficult to find online information about. The main website is in Japanese. there is not a listed curriculum. (Wanpaku-Juku is currently closed. has been for some time). East-West Juku is known as Tozai cram school. It is run by the Japanese Adventist Christians.. is a cram school for Japanese language learning. With the use of Google Translate one can find that the information on the website consists of prices, location, time. mission statements. This school seems to focus not only on the grades the students receive. also on a holistic learning that teaches peace of mind, pride in accomplishments, duty. hard work. focuses on the values taught through the religious beliefs in addition to learning Japanese language. Upon studying about cram schools I can definitely see that the differences in Japanese versus American school systems. how they are driven towards college/ university. lifestyle opportunities. I can see that these forces also affect students who may come from Japanese families. those who live in areas where there is a high concentration of Japanese. Japanese-American families. The local resources should be changed to be more accurately distributed for those who wish to attend college. In. affluent communities in LA County there are fewer resources. knowledge about resources for students. their parents. At the very least the cost of these prep schools is far too great. To ask a parent to pay over $ 1000 for a course that lasts perhaps 5 weeks for 4 hour sessions once. twice a week is far too expensive. There should be private school options if parents wish to pay.. the government ought to consider funding these classes. Access to preparation seems to clearly be related to the ability of resources. If a family can not afford to get help then the student may do poorly on the exam. This is extremely unfair. Especially since these courses can not even guarantee that a student is adequately prepared for an exam. They only boost skills. In addition, I believe that cram schools such as Kumon definitely have benefits. These schools can be used by even young students.. it not only helps with standardized tests. it also helps with their homework. school work. school exam grades which is a more immediate need. 