In terms of usability, the U.S. Department of Health. Human Services has found that the way type is arranged is also important, depending on the nature of the content: “longer line lengths usually will elicit faster reading speed. users tend to prefer shorter line lengths” (44). Therefore, one can pull up a handful of popular sites today. see almost all use short line lengths in paragraphs, especially news sites where information must be viewed. understood quickly. As the old adage goes, a picture is worth a thousand words. On the Web, this is especially true: the size, location. imagery within a graphic on a page all help shape a user’s ideas about the rest of the content, especially when the graphic is a photograph of. relating to a potential product. service. The U.S. Department of Health. Human Services performed various studies to help determine the effects of photographs on the Internet. found that “having a labeled photograph on the website was perceived as more trustworthy than having a photograph with no label” (157). In spite of this, the same study found that users preferred to have a photograph with no label over no photograph at all. In another study, however, findings suggested that photographs should not be used to increase the trustworthiness of a site. that the presence of a photo did not affect the trust for the site as a whole. the user’s preferences for a site (157). Trends on today’s sites show that they agree with the government’s findings: most images are clearly labeled. distinctly affiliated with content. have “alt tags, ”. imbedded information explaining what the photograph is of. its relevance, to help users, especially those with visual impairments, understand. interpret the graphic art. Clearly explained. understood imagery aids in helping avoid what Amber Calo, senior manager of Creative Intelligence at Corbis, calls “information overload.” Appealing to the visitor through evident cues is important. so is using a psychological approach to better engage the audience member without him being aware: a website’s color palette is an effective way to create a mood. spread a message before the user knows exactly what that is. In The Psychological Effects of Color, Charlotte Kuchinsky explains that different colors affect human perception in a variety of ways. certain ideas are universally accepted theories of color. She claims that red can help stimulate someone to purchase something, perhaps impulsively. also evokes negative emotions such as anger. violence. (Kuchinsky) White denotes simplicity. precision. while black symbolizes sophistication, elegance. even mystery, it can also create fear. a sense of death if used in excess; a middle-tone gray is seen as intelligent. serious. (Kuchinsky) Blue is the most well-liked color by the widest range of people because viewing it creates the production of tranquilizing hormones in the brain. therefore feelings of trust, stability. sincerity arise (Kuchinsky). 